yep hey guys I'm Shane bulletins from
the david lerner com this is why you
stay the weekend to make the most of our
wild wild west of n if it's too hard for
you or you're too scared oh eh oh eh
this is Sunday and we're on
you
Oh
bring
we have here this is a sunday morning on
the clean up all the diehard fans make
that's the only way to be a stay tonight
what we've got here is our number one
die hard fan what happened to you
brother I took a friend to my place
thought of wind be off the lamp stay
home with me so fucking took them up to
a thurs place from fucking here I'm
quite short version short version what
happened your fucking face babe oh
fucking shot boom ok walk the bike up a
hill what sort of like was it just then
pushed by holy fucking hell we house
push bike yep hook it up to the hill yup
it up some stupid reason I felt like
fucking riding and back down couldn't
fucking the endless pull the brake to
trucking oven cleaner fucking bike had
you been drinking oh yes a little bit
hahaha it's me close up ooh you need
some aloe vera oh yeah community elbow
oh yeah woo you're a fucking hard man
look leave me when I the box like a drop
what do you think of diable burnouts
sweet how we come back meet you haha
yeah love you would be one fucking leave
the next year's thank you mean ass he's
got a fucking VIP king's chair ok now
we're uh from ready in the wall wall
wish